This document has been downloaded from
Escolar.com – Educational Resources for Primary and Secondary Education
Charles Perrault
Little Red Riding Hood
 
Once upon a time, there was a little girl in a town, the most beautiful that anyone had ever seen.
seen; her mother was crazy about her and her grandmother even more so.
This good woman had ordered him a little red riding hood, and it bothered him so much
they all called her Little Red Riding Hood
One day her mother, having baked some cakes, told him.
Go and see how your grandmother is doing, because I hear she's been sick.
Bring him a cake and this jar of butter.
Little Red Riding Hood immediately set off to visit her grandmother who lived in another village. Al
passing through a forest, he encountered the step-father wolf, who really wanted
to eat it up, but he didn't dare because some lumberjacks were around nearby.
He asked her where she was going. The poor girl, who didn't know it was dangerous.
He stopped to talk to a wolf, he said:
I'm going to visit my grandma, and I'm taking her a cake and a jar of butter that my
mother is sending.
—Is your home very far away? he said to the man.
—Oh, yes! said Little Red Riding Hood, beyond the mill that is seen there in the
First house in town.
—Well, said the wolf, I want to go see her too; I’ll go this way, and
You go ahead, and we’ll see who gets there first.
The wolf set off running as fast as he could down the shortest path and the
The girl spent the longest time amusing herself by picking hazelnuts and chasing after them.
The butterflies and making bouquets with the wildflowers she found. It didn’t take long to
wolf upon arriving at grandma’s house; knocks: Knock, knock.
Who is it?
—It’s your granddaughter, Little Red Riding Hood, said the wolf, disguising his voice, I bring you a—
cake and a jar of butter that my mother sends him.
The kindly grandmother, who was in bed because she wasn't feeling well, shouted:
Pull the lever and the bolt will drop.
This document has been downloaded from
The wolf threw the bolt, and the door opened. He lunged at the good woman and...
He devoured it in a flash, as he hadn’t eaten in over three days. In a moment.
He closed the door and went to lie down on his grandmother’s bed, waiting for Little Red Riding Hood.
Red arrived later to knock on the door: Knock, knock.
Who is it?
Little Red Riding Hood, upon hearing the growling voice of the wolf, first became frightened, but believing
She replied that her grandmother was having a cold.
—It’s your granddaughter, Little Red Riding Hood, I bring you a cake and a jar of butter.
that her mother sends.
The wolf shouted, softening his voice a little.
Pull the latch and the bolt will fall.
Little Red Riding Hood threw the latch, and the door opened. Seeing her enter, the wolf…
he said, while hiding under the blanket:
Leave the cake and the jar of butter on the shelf and come to bed with me.
Little Red Riding Hood undressed and got into bed and was very surprised to see
in her nightgown. She told him:
—Grandma, you have such big arms!
It’s so I can hug you better, my darling.
—Grandma, you have such big legs!
—It’s for you to run better, my dear.
Grandma, you have such big ears!
It’s so I can hear better, my dear.
—Grandma, you have such big eyes!
—I want you to see better, my dear.
—Grandma, you have such big teeth!
—To eat you better!
And saying these words, this wicked wolf pounced on Little Red Riding Hood and he
He ate it.
 
 
 
This document has been downloaded from
MORAL
 
Here we see that adolescence,
especially young ladies
well-made, friendly, and beautiful
They shouldn't listen complacently to anyone.
and it doesn’t cause strangeness
to see that many of the wolf’s are the prey.
And I say the wolf, for beneath its guise.
not all are of the same caliber
Some of them are quite clever.
silent, without hatred or bitterness
secretly, patiently, with sweetness
They are following the maidens.
even in the houses and in the alleyways;
more, as we well know, the sycophants
Among all the wolves! Oh! They are the fiercest.

